---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "timescale_service Resource - timescale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Service is a TimescaleDB instance.
  Please note that when updating the vpc_id attribute, it is possible to encounter a "no Endpoint for that service id exists" error.
  The change has been taken into account but must still be propagated. You can run "terraform refresh" shortly to get the updated data.
---

# timescale_service (Resource)

A Service is a TimescaleDB instance.

Please note that when updating the vpc_id attribute, it is possible to encounter a "no Endpoint for that service id exists" error. 
The change has been taken into account but must still be propagated. You can run "terraform refresh" shortly to get the updated data.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    timescale = {
      source  = "timescale/timescale"
      version = "~> 2.2"
    }
  }
}

variable "ts_access_key" {
  type = string
}

variable "ts_secret_key" {
  type      = string
  sensitive = true
}

variable "ts_project_id" {
  type = string
}

provider "timescale" {
  access_key = var.ts_access_key
  secret_key = var.ts_secret_key
  project_id = var.ts_project_id
}


resource "timescale_service" "test" {
  name        = "test"
  milli_cpu   = 1000
  memory_gb   = 4
  region_code = "us-east-1"
}

# Read replica
resource "timescale_service" "read_replica" {
  read_replica_source = timescale_service.test.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `connection_pooler_enabled` (Boolean) Set connection pooler status for this service.
- `enable_ha_replica` (Boolean) Enable HA Replica
- `environment_tag` (String) Set environment tag for this service.
- `log_exporter_id` (String) The Log Exporter ID attached to this service.
				WARNING: To complete the logs exporter attachment, a service restart is required.
- `memory_gb` (Number) Memory GB
- `metric_exporter_id` (String) The Exporter ID attached to this service.
- `milli_cpu` (Number) Milli CPU
- `name` (String) Service Name is the configurable name assigned to this resource. If none is provided, a default will be generated by the provider.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The Postgres password for this service
- `paused` (Boolean) Paused status of the service.
- `read_replica_source` (String) If set, this database will be a read replica of the provided source database. The region must be the same as the source, or if omitted will be handled by the provider
- `region_code` (String) The region for this service.
- `storage_gb` (Number, Deprecated) Deprecated: Storage GB
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `vpc_id` (Number) The VpcID this service is tied to.

### Read-Only

- `hostname` (String) The hostname for this service
- `id` (String) Service ID is the unique identifier for this service.
- `pooler_hostname` (String) Hostname of the pooler of this service.
- `pooler_port` (Number) Port of the pooler of this service.
- `port` (Number) The port for this service
- `replica_hostname` (String) Hostname of the HA-Replica of this service.
- `replica_port` (Number) Port of the HA-Replica of this service.
- `username` (String) The Postgres user for this service

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
